Write a statement  to get all the columns from the Customers table.
select the City column from the Customers table.
Select all the different values from the Country column in the Customers table.
Select all records where the City column has the value Berlin
Select all records where the CustomerID column has the value 32.
Select all records from the Customers table, sort the result alphabetically by the column City.
Select all records from the Customers table, sort the result reversed alphabetically by the column City.
Select all records from the Customers table, sort the result alphabetically, first by the column Country, then, by the column City
Select all records where the City column has the value 'Berlin' and the PostalCode column has the value '12209'.
Select all records where the City column has the value 'Berlin' OR 'London'.
Use the NOT keyword to select all records where City is NOT Berlin.
Insert a new record in the Customers table.
Select all records from the Customers where the PostalCode column is empty.
Update the City column of all records in the Customers table.
Set the value of the City columns to 'Oslo', but only the ones where the Country column has the value Norway.
Update the City value and the Country value.
Delete all the records from the Customers table where the Country value is 'Norway'.
Delete all the records from the Customers table.
Use the MIN function to select the record with the smallest value of the Price column.
Use an SQL function to select the record with the highest value of the Price column.
Use the correct function to return the number of records that have the Price value set to 18.
Use an SQL function to calculate the average Price of all products.
Use an SQL function to calculate the sum of all the Price column values in the Products table.
Select all records where the value of the City column starts with the letter a.
Select all records where the value of the City column ends with the letter a.
Select all records where the value of the City column contains the letter a.
Select all records where the value of the City column starts with letter a and ends with the letter b.
Select all records where the value of the City column does NOT start with the letter "a".
Select all records where the second letter of the City is an a.
Select all records where the first letter of the City is an a or a c or an s.
Select all records where the first letter of the City starts with anything from an a to an f.
Select all records where the first letter of the City is NOT an a or a c or an f.
Use the IN operator to select all the records where Country is either "Norway" or "France".
Use the IN operator to select all the records where Country is NOT "Norway" and NOT "France".
Use the BETWEEN operator to select all the records where the value of the Price column is between 10 and 20.
Use the BETWEEN operator to select all the records where the value of the Price column is NOT between 10 and 20.
Use the BETWEEN operator to select all the records where the value of the ProductName column is alphabetically between 'Geitost' and 'Pavlova'.
When displaying the Customers table, make an ALIAS of the PostalCode column, the column should be called Pno instead.
When displaying the Customers table, refer to the table as Consumers instead of Customers.
Insert the missing parts in the JOIN clause to join the two tables Orders and Customers, using the CustomerID field in both tables as the relationship between the two tables.
Choose the correct JOIN clause to select all records from the two tables where there is a match in both tables.(Customers and Orders)
Choose the correct JOIN clause to select all the records from the Customers table plus all the matches in the Orders table.
List the number of customers in each country.
List the number of customers in each country, ordered by the country with the most customers first.
Write the correct SQL statement to create a new database called testDB.
Write the correct SQL statement to delete a database named testDB.
Write the correct SQL statement to create a new table called Persons.
Write the correct SQL statement to delete a table called Persons.
Use the TRUNCATE statement to delete all data inside a table.
Add a column of type DATE called Birthday to Person table.
Delete the column Birthday from the Persons table.
